To-do

1) Use API to get stock option prices
2) Automate authentication
3) Buy stock options on simulation environment
4) Sell stock options on simulation environment
5) Collect data set on stock option prices and expiration value
6) Calculate Black Scholes-like fair prices
7) Analyze data: What is the return if you just buy all available options?
8) Get an algo to run on simulation environment


Figure out:
- We get info prices only for very few options. Why?
- Understand option space
- Try optionchain endpoint

Reset Simulation Account
Example:
PUT https://gateway.saxobank.com/sim/openapi/port/v1/accounts/1gm4hJD76DKVkt5XBSYyrw==/reset

Status

Okay, 1) gives problems (but remember to try information in notes below.)

Let's do the same but just for stocks (using price/earning ratios), hoping to figure out along the way how to do it for options as well.

STOCK PART DONE, NEEDED TO CONNECT TO LIVE ACCOUNT.

Did tutorial, very informative.


NOTES

You can fetch summary information about all instruments and option roots from the /ref/instruments endpoint. If you need more detailed information about a particular instrument or option root, you must make a secondary call to /instruments/details for instruments and /instruments/contractoptionspaces for options.

Notice that each instrument has an Identifier. For everything but options, this identifier will be what we use in other calls as UIC (Universal Instrument Code).

The OpenAPI does not take instrument names or symbols as identifiers. Instead, instruments are identified by a unique combination of UIC (Universal Instrument Code) and AssetType. Pulling this information for the specific instrument you are interested in is key to continue into other operations such as sending orders, building charts, creating reports, etc.


Most instruments are uniquely identified by the combination of UIC and AssetType. For option instruments additional parameters are introduced. See the section on options for details.

Option instruments, in addition to their UIC and AssetType, are also identified by whether the contract is a Put or Call and, depending on the type of option, a Strike or Barrier.

An underlying instrument refers to the relationship between a future and an option on the future, between a stock and a cfd on that stock, etc. Each side of this bidirectional relationship is found in the RelatedInstruments of the other when retrieving instrument details. As a cfd on a stock and a stock will share UIC, this is mostly relevant when working with options. When using the ContractOptionsSpace endpoint, the underlying for each option is specified directly. Needing the uic of underlying contract for an option (in order to make a price subscription, and determine which strikes are in in the money) is a very common scenario.

